# Drug-Addicts-Counseling-System-Android-App
Many are youngsters with chronic drug use, truth be told, numerous youngsters can't bear the cost of mental treatment, some of whom are reluctant to depict themselves as medication addicts in the public eye to discover an answer so they don't get sufficient treatment since they stay secret. It is prompting wrongdoing. The gatherings don't exist, there are such huge numbers of youngsters who can unravel drugs that so we have the possibility of ​​creating an open space for youngsters where they can talk, share encounters and options from companions who can comprehend chronic drug use and get them to converse with a therapist.   Medication maltreatment among teenagers is a typical issue and a considerable lot of regardless them don't have restorative help during open offenses. Youthful medication addicts are frightened to be viewed as a medication someone who is addicted in the public arena, some of whom are terrified to talk about adulthood however much as could be expected, that it's anything but an improvement after recovery and absence of individual access to the web where they can get help from experts as analysts too. a spot where they can talk, share encounters, at the end of the day, get help from different guardians.   The general point of this Drug Addicts Counseling System study is to create Android applications that will make online conditions for the individuals who think about medications that help a few medication free individuals who additionally enable young people to be driven by a clinician.   plan and actualize Android applications addicts, tranquilize addicts, and therapists.   Keep up online network support for medication addicts when they recuperate.   Given an exchange discussion.   Visit rooms offer members sign up.   give texting between clients.   give online direction between the analyst and the utilization of the texting understanding.   give individual blog in which we can share ordinary encounters.
